Welcome to ProSeka AfterTalk "Colors of Pure Sense" Edition!
This is Minori Suzuki, voice of Ena Shinonome from Nightcord at 25:00!
In these ProSeka AfterTalks, we look back at the events while covering messages you, the fans, have sent in.
This time, we'll be covering the "Colors of Pure Sense" event.
Did you enjoy the story, everyone?
Thank you for reading, and for coming to the Kanshasai, if you did.
Between that and the movie stage greetings, we've busy with lots of chances to meet everyone live.
And then right after all that, we have an Ena event.
I'm just like "waaah" with everything going on recently.
But I'm still looking forward to having fun with everyone today.
We've gathered your comments for this AfterTalk sent through email and the submissions channel on Discord.
Thanks for all the messages, everyone.
I was actually asking staff if I could peek at all the messages that came in, I was so curious about what everyone had to say.
We'll go over some of them in our program today, so please look forward to that!
Also, if you have any thoughts on today's program,
please post them on X with #ProSekaAfterTalk.
We'll also be watching the YouTube chat, so please keep all the messages coming.
I see lots of people saying "I liked the story",
and some "kon-niigo"'s too.
"Kon-niigo" everyone.
Also, there'll be an Afterlive for this event at 10PM, and the 3DMV for this event will be released at 10:05,
so we'll also watch that together.
We'll try to watch the 3DMV live as it airs,
_but_, I did ask staff if I could indulge myself on the story for just a little big longer this time.
Nonetheless, I hope you're able to watch along with us.
So with that, let's jump right into talking about the "Colors of Pure Sense" event story.
How did you like the story, everyone?
Let's look back together while going over some of the messages you've sent in.
So actually, this is the first time I've been an Aftertalk since they got renewed.
Last time I was here was a year ago, and that's around when the renewal happened.
So I haven't gotten a chance to bring your thoughts into the story talk yet. I'm excited.
First up, a message from "Amelia Time"-san. Thank you for the message.
"This is the first time I'm writing in!" Oh, thank you!
"My favorite scene was the one where Ena deletes her selfie account."
"Since Ena had always been using it to run away from her art, I felt it showed her growth."
"Like Ena, I find it difficult to confront parts of myself too,"
"so seeing her forward-facing attitude motivated me take those steps as well."
"Suzuki-san, what kind of thoughts and feelings did you put into performing as Ena this time?"
Thank you.
That was a wonderful message, Amelia Time-san.
We'll talk more about this when we watch the story together,
but when acting as Ena, and actually singing as her in the recent N25 songs,
one thought that I've been keeping in my head is that "I _will_ not be the Ena that I was before."
